important: everyone is a woolly sheep
important: everyone is a woolly sheep
important: everyone is a woolly sheep
important: everyone is a woolly sheep

DEEPEST LORE: Two ancient af sheep kingdoms are the main focus, Meadowsong and Sheerlaw (could maybe have better names). Meadowsong is mainland and has prospered with access to fertile land and
natural resources. Sheerlaw is an island off Meadowsong's coast with nearly untraversable terrain and rampant natural disasters, difficulty living here and 
difficulty of being invaded has led it to be highly isolated from the rest of the world. The islands main resource is it's vast flora, an Alchemist's Guild has formed
over them that has been turning plants&flowers into medicine, drugs and biological weapons. They've been the most powerful group in Sheerlaw for a thousand years but they still bow
down to the island's monarchy. Iris flowers are abundant and the symbol for Sheerlaw, 400 years ago the only white irises ever were found and their potency in alchemy
was terrible. They were used to launch war on Meadowsong to hopefully expand beyond the destitution of the island, the invasion was unstoppable but inexplicable stopped
by reasons no-one has recorded in history. The tales of the white irises power makes them legendary, with tales of them granting near immortality and creating white
phosphor that burned down entire Meadowsong towns in minutes. They're still believed to exist in far reaches underground.
At present time there is a storm on Sheerlaw that has lasted for over 200 years that's laid waste to most settlements except the capital city guarded by mountains against
the wind. In Meadowsong disease and famine are running rampant, they've developed methods of moving troops through the storm on Sheerlaw and have set up an embassy and turned the
king into a puppet with threat for a complete invasion if things get out of line. It's very clear they can take over easily but they're acting somewhat diplomatic as a farce, 
they're after the Alchemist Guild's secrets for medicine to stop the pestilence at home; so far the guild is uncooperative. People who step out of line and rebel are either executed
or exiled out the capital and forced underground by the uninhabitable storm. Meadowsong is showing no mercy.

HOW THE GAME ACTUALLY PLAYS OUT: The player is the son of an alchemist, the first few days revolve around exploring the city and learning alchemy (the games mechanic zomg) as an apprentice
under their father as well as bonding with an elder brother who's an established powerful alchemist. The presence of Meadowsong becomes more and more pronounced, an explosion at the embassy happens
and the players father is framed as being part of a rebellion group. The father is executed and the player is planned to be executed as well but is spared by the king. The king is under complete
control but still tries to do good for his citizens. The player is instead exiled and forced underground, the whereabouts of his brother is unknown. The players character is disheartened and spends
time exploring the various settlements of exiles. Run ins with another exile whose goal is to exact revenge on Meadowsong convinces him to go further into the dangerous underground with the idea of
finding the mythical white irises to become powerful enough to push the invaders out. Most of the game will be here, exploring a vast underground, finding hidden away underground civilizations,
gathering abilities, plants&flowers for alchemy etc etc. metroidvania business I NEED TO WRITE WAY MORE FOR THIS. Finding the underground white iris field will be the main goal of the game.

POSSIBLE ENDING 1: The player finds the white irises, resurfaces with a rebellion group and fights off Meadowsong. There is a boss battle with MAINANTAGONISTCHIEFINCOMMANDTOBENAMED, the players brother
is still alive and was one of the only alchemists who was convinced to pass on the secrets of alchemy with the promise of wealth and power. After beating MAINANTAGONISTCHIEFINCOMMANDTOBENAMED the brother
is remorseful and the player can either merk him or spare him. Meadowsong forces go underground in search of the white irises as well, they do find them and a second MAINANTAGONISTCHIEFINCOMMANDTOBENAMED
happens at the white iris field. At this point the power for white irises to create pestilence is revealed, the player defeats Meadowsong at this point but they have already unleashed the same disease
that has ravaged their homeland onto Sheerlaw. TEH BAD ENDING :((

POSSIBLE ENDING 2: The player finds the white irises, resurfaces with a rebellion group and fights off Meadowsong. There is a boss battle with MAINANTAGONISTCHIEFINCOMMANDTOBENAMED, the players brother
is still alive and was one of the only alchemists who was convinced to pass on the secrets of alchemy with the promise of wealth and power. After beating MAINANTAGONISTCHIEFINCOMMANDTOBENAMED the brother
is remorseful and the player can either merk him or spare him. Meadowsong forces go underground in search of the white irises as well. There will be a herbalist character underground who the player would
have met before in their travels that gives information on the plants they have and make them stronger. At this point the player can meet him again and it will be revealed that they are 400 years old and
was alive during the attempted invasion of Meadowsong, they've used the white iris to extend their lifespan. He explains that the invasion failed because
he discovered the diseases caused by the white iris in secret and tried to destroy all of them
in order to stop the destruction they will cause. They are resilient flowers and he could not destroy or bury them no matter how much he tried so he hid them underground. It can be
pieced together that the king caused the disease in Meadowsong in order to complete the invasion his ancestors failed to complete 400 years ago. The player can try and defeat the king that saved his
life in a tough as shit boss battle and kill him. The player will then reconcile with Meadowsong, explain what happened, and and everyone will try find a cure for the disease and save many. TEH GOOD ENDING
^ make not as good ending so ending 3 is the balla ending

POSSIBLE ENDING 3: dunno, but 3 is a good number
fighting soul of the flower type deal massive 
